Hello friends, my name is Ashwini Kumar.
As friends you already know me.
Friends, I am already working in HDFC Bank.
Friends, today's
topic of the video here is going to be
very special for you.
Special friends, I am
telling you this because the
profile that is going to be here, friends, your
single job is going to be here and that too
friends, inside HDFC Bank.  Now friends,
I am going to tell you about the profile here.
Well friends, we have three
profiles in today's video.
I am going to tell you the complete details about all three profiles here.
You can apply for any profile that you like.  And
friends, in this you do not have any of our
charges etc.  If you
are interested brother, then
you will easily find the link in the description box.
You can apply directly.
What do you have to do after you just apply?  Personally, you have to
take a screenshot here on WhatsApp and
share it with your friends.  You will
easily find the number here in the disc box.
Ok?  And friends, the
profile that is going to be there is going to be
very helpful for you.  Because
brother, I am going to meet you in your hometown.  And
brother selection friends, in this
you will be 100% selected within five days.
Friends, we guarantee this to you here.
If brother, you are interested,
if brother, you want to do a job, you
want to come to the banking center and brother,
friends, you want to do a job here in
HDFC Bank, after sitting in
any of its branches, brother, the
job
profile that you get here, friends,
you will get it here through this.
Friends, this program which is going to be
there, friends,
is going to be the best for you if you are a fresher
or you have some experience,
you are not able to get a job, you have
completed your graduation or you are
from Bihar or Jharkhand
and brother, your dream here is that I want to go into the
banking sector, I want to
make my career in the banking sector, then
brother, this profile is going to be the best for you.
Friends, I am going to tell you the complete information step by step.
How do you have to apply
, from where, friends, you will
get the details here.  What
salary are you going to get here?  And brother
friends, there is going to be eligibility criteria for you here.
I am going to tell you the complete information here right now.
What do you just have to do for this?  If you like the video, please give it
a like.
If you are new to the channel, then friends, you
must subscribe to the channel.
Because friends, you keep getting such content here.  Let's
start the video of Without Time Waste.  Friends, what
we are talking about in today's video is
about HDFC Bank.
If you want to work in HDFC Bank
and brother, you are not able to get a job etc.
You have completed your graduation.
Friends, you are failing in interviews etc.
or you are facing some other problem
or you are
facing some problem in some intro or you are
not able to get any proper guidance.
You are not able to get a single job in HDFC Bank here.
Friends, today's video is going to be
special for you.  Friends, I am
telling you this because today's
profile is also going to be
very best for you.
Before that friends, let me tell you the update.
If you friends want to do a job and
want to make your career in the banking sector.  You are not able to get a job etc.
or you have completed your graduation.
Friends, every
bank is available with us at present.  Friends, at present all the banks like ICIC, Kotak, Axis and
B Bank, AU Bank are
available with us.  If
brother you are interested, if brother you
want to do a job, if you
want to make your career in the banking sector, then brother you can
connect with us friends.  You will easily find the link
below in the description box.
Brother, you will easily get the link to apply what I am going to tell you in today's video
directly here
in the description box.
Friends, you can apply directly.  There
is no problem.  And friends, there
is no fee etc. for applying in this.  If
brother, you want to apply,
you will easily get the link in the description box.  You
can go and apply friends.
Rest of the friends, I will tell you the process here step by step as to
how
you have to apply.  What is your job
profile going to be and how do you have to
proceed further in it.
Like I will
put up a poster here on the side and tell you what all
processes are going to take place.   This is the first
time, friends, look above.
HDFC Bank is going to stay.
Friends, it has a tie up here.  It has a
tie up with Aditya Birla.  Whatever
friends, your profile is going to be here.
Single job opportunity in banking
sector.  Friends, your profile is
going to be here.  Ok?  Meaning that the
opportunity you are getting is available to you friends.
Whatever your destination is going to be here,
whatever your job role is going to be here.
You will have one profile of Executive Branch Relationship Officer here.
Second brother, your profile
of your executive agency relationship officer is
going to be here.  That means
you will have two profiles here.
You can choose any of the two profiles.  There
is no problem.  Friends, let us talk about salary.
You are going to get a package of ₹3.5 lakh here
which is going to be fixed here.
Plus you are going to get your incentive.
Brother, with this your incentive here
becomes very good.  You can earn incentives up to ₹1 lakh
in this.  It is going to be a very
good profile.
Earning brother, after 30 days here,
your friends, whatever salary you have in this,
starts coming to you.  That means
you have to go to Manipal Academy only for one month.
In this, brother, you have
classroom training here, going offline, that
too inside Manipadmi, friends.
Friends, what happens after that is that
you have on-the-job training here,
you have your OGT, in that also you start getting your
full CTC, whatever is yours.
What
happens is that you have on the job
training here, you have your OGT, in that
also you start getting your full CTC whatever
you have.
I have
told you step by step on the bottom side.  You will have
classroom training here for one month.
Your internship will be of 3 months inside Manipal.
You will have on-the-job training here for 3 months.
Friends, let us
talk about the fees of this program.
So brother, the program fee is going to be ₹1
lakh plus its fee is going to be ₹1 lakh plus GST.  That
means friends,
its fee is going to be something like ₹17,000.
In this brother, you do
not have to pay any fees here.  Loan
facility is available with them.  Like on the
bottom side you will also see a show happening here.
Loan assistant is available.
Ok?  And brother,
all the food, accommodation and drinks that are required there are provided by Manipal Academy.
You have to stay here free of
cost.  You just have to come and go
and go.  Apart from this, friends,
whoever stays there, everything including food is free,
he stays on the side of Mainpal Academy.
And brother lives within this fee.   That means
you do not have to do anything separately.
Ok?  Let's talk about
your eligibility, brother,
you should have completed your 10th, 12th and graduation.
You should have more than 50% marks in graduation also.
If
you have a brother then you are eligible
for this profile.  Let's talk about age.
Your age should be between 21 to 27.  If
brother is more than this then there is another program for him,
we will tell you about that.  Please
message us about that.  The profile for that
is also 100% current.  And the
friends who are providing this fee here,
who are paying the
fee of ₹1 lakh to Mainpal Academy.  ₹17,000 Friends this is 100%
refundable your fee.  Your fees will be refunded here within 2 years.
Like he has
also written the term here.
50% of your fees in the first year will be
refunded to you.  Brother, in the second year
also you will get 50%
reimbursement here.  That means the ₹1
lakh that you are paying is also your fee
refundable here.  Friends, there
is a simple process for you to apply.  Below you will
find the link to Apply Now.  You will go and
click on it.  There also you
can easily read its details etc. here.
Brother, before you apply,
all the details will be open in front of you.
Brother, you can easily read it here.
After that you can apply here.
Rest of the friends, I have
given you complete information about this here.
Brother, if you still have any doubt
or you face any problem
in applying or in its assessment, then
brother you
can connect with us.  We will clear your assessment and
brother intro etc.  There
is no problem.
You will get the link in the description box to
easily apply for the WhatsApp
group and brother, you will also get my number easily.
You can also go and connect with us
or you
can also apply directly.  You will get the link.
Rest of the friends, I have
given complete information about it here.  Brother, if
you have any doubt then
comment the name of your city
and your doubt in the comment box, then brother,
you will get a reply here within 2 to 3 hours.  I
hope you liked this information in today's
video.  If you liked the video, please give it
a like.  Friends, if
you have not yet subscribed to this channel, then
brother, go quickly and
subscribe to this channel.  See you
next, till then take care.